# dsci-100-project_template
Template project repository for DSCI-100
This data was pulled from the ultimate statistics website domain and depicts the player stats pulled from the results of several international big-league Tennis tournaments that occured between 2017-2019. The accumulated data serves to organize the vast number of matches that have taken place, and allow fans and sports official to pull many different pieces of information about the players, their personal statistics, and the results/earnings generated from each specific match. Data is organized by each individual match, instead of each individual tournament. We will wrangle and tidy the data to make for organization based on location/grouping of the matches. We hope that by wranging and organizing this data and proceeding to manipulate it and produce visualizations we will then be able to determine if we can find a correlation between Country and rankings of players, that is, does a certain continent appear to produce more higher ranking tennis players? A coded classifier that we will generate will then pull the data randomly assigned to the testing set and assign an object - in this case it will be the country of a player, and then yield an output that will depict if the player is CURRENTLY ranked either above 250, or below 250. (This is the halfway mark of the total ranks).

The data set thoroughly summarizes the general relavant information of each player, including their age, hand of play, country of origin, as well as additional details such as they age they went professional, 
can we predict a player's ranking based on their country of origin. All of these pieces of information help to further reinstate the players status in their ranking, and will help to justify their abilities and winnings. (For example, players who earns more have likely been playing longer and are higher ranked). Conclusively, this data provides insight and comprehensive data revolving around the status of these internationally-ranked tennis players. 

-> correlation between continent of origin and relative earnings. 
age, current rank